Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Er. excuse me. do
you sell buckets?
Buckets? No.
Really?
No call for them. Old-fashioned.
So how do people. you know.
like. carry water and stuff?
Well. everything's
plumbed-in these days.
You know. it's piped to
wherever it needs to be
so there's no need for
anyone to carry any by hand.
What colour bucket?
Well. doesn't really
matter. Any colour.
No. sorry. I can't help you.
A hosepipe. that's the
closest we do. Garden section.
OK.
Excuse me?
Is that right that you don't
sell buckets any more?
I'm sorry?
Your colleague just told me that
you don't sell buckets any more
because they're old-fashioned.
Do you mean those things that
people used to carry water in?
Yeah.
Oh... We haven't stocked
buckets in a while. mate.
Tell you what. you might want to try
the Vintage and Antiques Emporium.
Enjoy big savings on solvents
this summer at Tool Box.
White spirits. meths
and turpentine...
Did you see Celebrity
Barrel Scrapers last night?
Did I see what?
Celebrity Barrel Scrapers.
It's like... You know
Barrel Scrapers. the show?
Well. it's like that but
the celebrity version.
I haven't got a telly.
Are you serious.
there's a programme called
Celebrity Barrel Scrapers?
Yeah. Didn't recognise any
of the celebrities in it. though.
Apart from that bald bloke
from. er. what's-it-called...
It's funny. though.
What do they do.
the celebrities?
Just. you know. scrape the
barrels out. get 'em clean.
Gets really messy.
It's dead good.
Hang on. you don't have a TV?
No.
Prick.
Everyone's going to the
pub next Friday after work.
It's someone's
birthday. You coming?
Whose birthday?
Bloke who cuts the MDF.
-Andre.
-Mm-hm.
Maybe. I'll see.
A big tall guy. about six
foot. A big white be a..
Him! Him. there.
with the white beard!
-Him! -OK. thank you.
-I'll. um... -Here we go.
Did you tell that customer
we don't sell buckets?
No.
He said you told him
we don't sell buckets.
that there's no call for them.
-Oh. BUCKETS? - Oh!
-Is that what he was after?
I couldn't understand
what he was saying.
What time do you go to bed?
None of your business. Gordon.
It is my business if my staff
are falling asleep on their feet
and they can't hear
the customers properly.
You don't lose your hearing
when you're tired. Oh...
Hello. Hilary? Is everything OK?
-OK. I'll be right there.
-No...
No. it's fine. I'm not busy.
No. honestly.
it's not a problem.
Yes.
OK. I'm on my way.
I've got to go. Me
dad's lost something.
Lost something?
Have you been on your break?
Oh. hello. love. Sorry.
No. it's all right.
What's happened?
I would've waited
till you came in later.
-but he was upset and threatening to call the police.
-Really?
Tina found this on his bed
when he was at breakfast
and brought it to me.
He noticed it was
missing and kicked off.
Bloody 'ell!
Right. um...
Well. I'll... I'll see if I
can get to the bottom of it.
Thanks. Hilary. Sorry.
-Hello. Dad.
-Oh. I'm glad you're here.
There's a thief in this
place and I've had enough!
It's outrageous.
I'm writing a letter.
All right. Dad. calm
down. No-one's stole it.
I've got it here. They
didn't know what it was.
It says quite clearly on
the tin what it is - poison.
Well. exactly.
They were worried.
I'm not a child.
Why have you got a tin of
poison? What is going on?
Give it here.
Right.
One. two. three.
four. five. six.
Oh. they're all there.
Thank God for that.
I couldn't replicate these.
Once they're gone. they're gone.
Seriously. Dad. why have
you got six phials of poison?
This is the antidote that
dissolves the homunculi.
only to be used in
case of emergency.
It was given to me. I
don't know what's in it.
and I couldn't make it again.
Did you find the diaries?
-Mike?
-Eh?
Did you find the instructions?
-Yes.
-Excellent. So have you got it set up?
No. Dad. I haven't had time.
Well. the sooner you start the
chanting. the sooner you'll be able
to get results and the sooner
you'll be able to ask about Clea.
You have to
chant to the bottles.
It's all there in
the instructions.
Wh-what... what's wrong?
This was in the journal.
There they are!
Oh. my God. I'd
forgotten I took this.
Dad. I'm so confused.
I thought that this was
just a bedtime story.
I didn't think it might
actually be real.
Trust me. You want
to know where Clea is?
When she's coming home?
They can answer any question.
and they're compelled
to answer truthfully.
OK. Just remind me
what they actually are.
Homunculi. Prophesying spirits.
Right. I looked up "homunculus"
in the dictionary. and it said.
"A very small.
humanoid creature."
-That's it. yeah.
-"That's it"?!
So. what. a human? An animal?
Is this legal?
Well. it's not ILLEGAL.
That doesn't exactly
put my mind at rest. Dad!
Trust me.
Yes. yes. All right.
Before I forget. will you
post some letters for me?
More competitions?
Yeah. This one's foot spa.
this one's dog grooming classes.
and this one's a Lamborghini.
Fingers crossed.
Oh. and this one. er.
you'll need a stamp.
You'll have to go
to the Post Office.
It's going to Vancouver.
to my old school friend Vic.
Oh. righto. How
is Vic these days?
Much the same. Not much
to say for himself. but. er...
-..he always asks after you.
-After me? Does he?
Yeah. yeah. very interested
in what you're up to.
Did I ever meet him?
Um... Maybe once.
when you were little.
Right. Well. next time...
..tell him I said hello.
-Hello. Olive.
-Hello. Michael.
What you got there? Jars?
-Yep. jars.
-Big. aren't they?
Yep. big jars. What
are you sprinkling today?
-Ant powder.
-Oh. yeah?
Little bastards coming
indoors and eating all the cake.
Wankers.
Got to get them early.
otherwise they start bloody flying.
You know that? They sprout
wings and start bloody flying
all over the place on 4th
of July. Independence Day.
So. I'm putting the powder down.
-Yeah. that'll learn 'em.
-Mm!
-See you later. Olive.
-Cheerio.
OK. Dad. I'm doing this. am I?
Can you put those in a
bag for me? Thank you.
Please leave a message.
Hello. um. this is. er.
Michael. Michael Sleep.
I'm just leaving a message.
I won't be coming
in today. I'm afraid.
I've got a bit of
a runny bottom.
-Morning. Michael.
-Morning.
Er. morning.
Are you just getting
rid of some stuff?
Er. just moving it.
Oh. to out the front here?
That's right. It's
only temporary.
I was going to say.
I'm sorry you didn't get a
chance to take your hedge back.
Don't be sorry.
It's lucky. actually.
I spotted a pair of
chaffinches nesting in the ivy.
so I'm glad that we
didn't disturb them.
-Chaffinches?
-Chaffinches!
That reminds me. your
security light at the front.
it's flashing on and
off. on and off. all night.
Is it?
There must be a branch or a
twig or something waving across it.
You probably don't notice it
if your bedroom's at the back.
-I'll take a look.
-Yes. it's on and off. on and off.
All night - on and off. on and
off. It's. like. every few minutes.
It's light pollution.
It's disturbing the
little chaffinches.
Light pollution... OK.
Just off to the DIY store.
Do you need anything?
No. Thanks.
-Are you sure? I get a... - Nope.
-I get a staff discount.
-No. thanks.
-All right.
All right. skiver?!
I thought you had the shits!
Sh!
Don't let him know I'm here!
Do you know. I'm having to do
twice as much work cos of you.
Well. you usually do fuck all.
so twice fuck all is still fuck all.
Mm.
Why are you here?
I need you to get
some stuff for me.
Jesus.
All right. let me finish me cig.
-And. er. remember to get the staff discount.
-OK.
You building a bomb?
No!
Crystal meth?
What?
Well. what's all this for?
-I'm cleaning me fish tank.
-What fish have you got?
-Pilchards.
-You're lying.
It's for a project. I'll tell
you about it another time.
-Did he see you? Gordon?
-No.
Kacey. I just wanted to say.
you've still got me credit card.
You're welcome!
♪ I've got something
I keep to myself
♪ And I'm not gonna
tell you what it is
♪ Not gonna tell
you what it is.- ♪
Before the jars are sealed.
in each must be placed
a mineral seed item
from which the
homunculus will grow.
The seeds must
be carefully selected
and be specific to
the creature's station.
For the Knight. a brass key.
For the Monk. the nib of a pen.
For the Peasant. a
plain. undecorated button.
For the Seraph. a
crystal of amethyst.
For the Queen. a gold ring.
And for the King. a silver
coin. as old as you can find.
Why does he have
to behave like this?
It's like every little thing he
does is designed to wind me up.
I mean. what the
hell's his problem?
Bev?
Huh?
I'm saying. "What's
his problem?"
Who?
Gandalf the friggin'
Grey! Who do you think?!
It sounds like you're
the one with the problem.
Why can't you just ignore him?
How can I. with
that racket going on?
Why can't he just be normal?
What're you doing?
-I put a mirror down there.
-Oh. and that's normal. is it?
Can you believe
he's had the nerve
to complain about
our security light?
Light pollution
he's accused me of.
I mean. his place is
crawling with vermin.
The amount of insects in
his garden is disgusting.
Spiders. wasps... bees.
And the effing sparrows
chirping all day long in the bushes.
Oh. it drives me insane.
Sacris solemniis
iuncta sint gaudia.
-et ex praecordiis sonent...
-Great. He's praying.
That's all we need
a religious fanatic.
Bev!
What?!
What're you listening to?
-A podcast.
-About what?
Sex trafficking.
Et ex praecordiis
sonent praeconia.
resedant... Rekedant?
Recedant vetera... vetera...
Sacris solemniis!
Iuncta sint gaudia!
Et ex praeconis...
-..sonent...
-Sacris solemniis iuncta praecordia...
..et ex praeconiis...
Hello?
-Are you coming to the pub?
-Who is this?
Kacey! Are you
coming to the pub?
-What time is it?
-I dunno.
Look. we're at the Open As
Usual. You said you'd come.
Why do you want me to
come to the pub so much?
I'm not asking you out on a date!
I'm just saying we're at the pub.
Fuck's sake. I'm
just being friendly.
All right. I'm sorry.
-Which pub?
-Open As Usual.
-All right?
-Yeah.
You all right?
You made it.
You must be made up.
Yeah. I might start weeping.
Oh-ho! Oh. here he
is. Weirdy Beardy!
Hey. someone get
this man a drink!
-Michael? Michael!
-Are you a train spotter? - No.
Are you a virgin?
What are you talking about?
How old are you. 50?
50-year-old virgin!
Oh. shut up. Brigham.
How old are you. five?
I love this freak!
My mate used to work at a
restaurant when you worked there.
Some burger place.
Oh. yeah. Burgers Burgers
Burgers on the high street.
Yeah. Said he stripped off
in front of all the customers!
Only to me vest and pants.
"Only to me vest and pants!"
What for?
I was resigning and they
wanted the uniform back.
My mate said. right. he swipes
a banoffee pie off the counter.
comes out front. strips off.
flips the manager the bird.
and then walks
out in his boxers.
-Is that true? - Nearly.
-It was a sticky toffee pudding.
And I had to come back
because me clothes and keys
were in the staffroom.
Oh. no. no. I'm only having
the one. I've got the car.
Leave it here. get the
bus! Where do you live?
Marvin Gardens. just
off the Wilmslow Road.
Oh. my God. yeah. I know it.
Listen. it's a 20 minute
walk from here. You're fine.
Do you know Danielle?
She used to live on the corner of
Marvin Gardens. I was mates with her
at school. I ain't spoken
to her in years. though.
She went off to
catering college.
Oh. my God. there used to be
this house on Marvin Gardens. right.
that was just.
like. full of junk
and. like. the garden
was an absolute jungle.
And. I mean. this bloke lived
there. but nobody saw him.
Well. Danielle saw him a
few times. but. anyways...
..he murdered his wife.
Yeah. everyone knew. I mean.
the police dug up his garden
and everything. but
they never found owt.
They reckon he dissolved
her in battery acid
and flushed her down the
loo. so he got away with it.
How long have you lived there?
Oh. my God. that's your house!
Did you murder your wife?
I was never married.
But. no. I've never
murdered anyone.
let alone flushed
somebody down the toilet.
Come to think of it. everything
Danielle said was absolute bullshit.
Michael? Michael!
Do you like Star Trek?
So... were you really
an underwater welder?
-What's that?
-Were you really an underwater welder?
Oh. no. I made that up.
Do you know. I knew
it. you bullshitter!
I went down a two-hour
underwater-welding rabbit-hole
last night! I mean. I
watched videos on YouTube!
I know everything about it.
So how does that work. then?
The fire underwater thing?
I'm not telling ya.
Your mate's story. it
wasn't all bullshit. though.
The police did dig up my garden.
Did me a favour. actually.
Had to clear up afterwards
and left it in a better
state than it was before!
Well. what were
they looking for. then?
Me girlfriend.
She left one day and
she never came back.
Everyone thought I'd
killed her for a while.
I didn't kill her.
I love her.
Michael! Do you collect stamps?
Why do you find me so
weird. Brigham? I don't get it.
Just don't worry about him.
No. I don't understand. Is it
simply because I have a beard?
Or because I don't go
on the paintballing trips?
Cos that ain't that
bloody weird. is it?
Jason wears gold boots
with wings on. but here
you all are ripping into me!
Oh. careful. watch
out. or he'll strip down.
but only to his vest and pants!
You don't know
anything about me.
If you knew what I'm
actually growing in my shed...
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Stop right there.
thank you very much.
What are you actually
growing in your shed?
-What you don't know...
-Yeah?
..is that I am actually
growing homunc... homunculi.
-I beg your pardon?
-Homunculi!
They are prophesying spirits
that can predict the future.
and I am growing
them in jars in my shed.
So when I'm winning
billions on the lottery.
you won't be laughing
then. will ya. eh?
What the fuck are you on about?!
Homunculi!
All right!
Let's get you home. yeah?
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
So... what are you
growing in jars in your shed?
Homunculi.
-And what's a homunculi?
-No.
No. "Homunculi" is plural.
"Homunculus" is singular.
And they are creatures.
They're like little people.
They're like little
people in jars.
Like sea monkeys?
They're a little bit
like sea monkeys
but they can predict
the fuchsia... Fuchsia!
I had sea monkeys once.
They were really disappointing.
Like. the advert said that
they were so eager to please.
but my ones. they couldn't
give an apparent fuck.
They're not sea monkeys.
they're homunculi.
Can I come and see 'em?
No. Nobody can see
them at the moment
because they are invisible to
the human naked eye. So. no.
OK.
You don't have to
walk me home. I'm fine.
Hey. I'm not walking
you home. I live this way.
Fine.
Fine!
This is me.
All right. yeah.
cool. I'm just...
♪ I know we're older
now ♪ And lost again
♪ Down at the cul-de-sac
♪ You left. my friend
♪ I put the kettle on ♪ The
wise man sung for you. ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm